UNIT Remote unit that collects turnstile information. Can collect from multiple banks of turnstiles.Large subway stations can have more than one unit.

DATEn Date in “yyyymmdd”(20110521)format.

TIMEn Time in “hh:mm:ss” (08:05:02) format.

ENTRIESn Raw reading of cummulative turnstile entries from the remote unit. Occasionally resets to 0.

EXITSn Raw reading of cummulative turnstile exits from the remote unit. Occasionally resets to 0.

ENTRIESn_hourly Difference in ENTRIES from the previous REGULAR reading.

EXITSn_hourly Difference in EXITS from the previous REGULAR reading.

datetime Date and time in “yyyymmdd hh:mm:ss” format (20110501 00:00:00). Can be parsed into a Pandas datetime object without modifications.

hour Hour of the timestamp from TIMEn. Truncated rather than rounded.

day_week Integer (0 6Mon Sun)corresponding to the day of the week.

weekday Indicator (0 or 1) if the date is a weekday (Mon Fri).

station Subway station corresponding to the remote unit.

latitude Latitude of the subway station corresponding to the remote unit.

longitude Longitude of the subway station corresponding to the remote unit.

conds Categorical variable of the weather conditions (Clear, Cloudy etc.) for the time and location.

fog Indicator (0 or 1) if there was fog at the time and location.

precipi Precipitation in inches at the time and location.

pressurei Barometric pressure in inches Hg at the time and location.

rain Indicator (0 or 1) if rain occurred within the calendar day at the location.

tempi Temperature in H at the time and location.

wspdi Wind speed in mph at the time and location.

meanprecipi Daily average of precipi for the location.

meanpressurei Daily average of pressurei for the location.

meantempi Daily average of tempi for the location.

meanwspdi Daily average of wspdi for the location.

weather_lat Latitude of the weather station the weather data is from.

weather_lon Longitude of the weather station the weather data is from.



UNIT收集十字转门信息的遥控单元。可以从多个十字转门收集。大型地铁站可以有多个单位。

日期为“yyyymmdd”（20110521）格式。

TIMEn时间为“hh：mm：ss”（08:05:02）格式。

ENTRIESn来自远程单元的累积十字转门条目的原始读数。偶尔重置为0。

EXITSn从遥控单元退出的累积旋转门的原始读数。偶尔重置为0。

ENTRIESn_Hotly与以前的REGULAR阅读的差异。

EXITSn_Hurly EXITS与以前的常规阅读差异。

datetime日期和时间以“yyyymmdd hh：mm：ss”格式（20110501 00:00:00）。可以将其解析成Pandas datetime对象而无需修改。

来自TIMEn的时间戳小时。截断而不是四舍五入。

day_week整数（0 6Mon Sun）对应于星期几。

工作日指标（0或1）如果日期是平日（周一）。

站地铁站对应的远程单元。

对应于远程单元的地铁站的纬度纬度。

经纬度对应遥控单元的地铁站。

conds天气条件的分类变量（清除，多云等）的时间和位置。

雾指示器（0或1）如果在时间和位置有雾。

降水在时间和位置以英寸为单位降水。

压力在时间和位置的英寸Hg的大气压力。

雨指示器（0或1）如果雨天在该地点的日历日内发生。

tempi温度在H的时间和位置。

wspdi风速在每小时的时间和地点。

meanprecipi位置的每日平均降水量。

平均压力每日平均压力的位置。

意思是每日平均气温的位置。

meanwspdi位置的wspdi的日平均值。

weather_lat气象台的纬度，天气数据来自。

weather_lon天气数据来自气象站的经度。


